Update README.md (#30)
r7kamura/rspec-json_matcher: README.md

* handy pattern matching with `#===` method like case-when statement
* supporting nested pattern matching

> ## Installation
> 
> Install RSpec::JsonMatcher:
> ```shell
> $ gem install rspec-json_matcher
> ```
> Or add it to your Gemfile:
> ```ruby
> gem 'rspec-json_matcher'
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Thank you. For what it's worth, could you please follow the format that the latest bundler outputs?

```suggestion
## Installation

Install the gem and add to the application's Gemfile by executing:

    $ bundle add rspec-json_matcher

If bundler is not being used to manage dependencies, install the gem by executing:

    $ gem install rspec-json_matcher
```

BTW, it is incorrect to use the `$` sign while specifying `shell` for language. If you want to use `$`, you should specify `console` for language.
